Various minor improvements to "Get Started" (#4132)
alphagov/govuk-developer-docs: source/manual/get-started.html.md

[create-gpg-key]: /manual/create-a-gpg-key.html
[generate-ssh-key]: https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent

## 3. Set up your Slack profile

As part of your onboarding to GDS you will have been given access to Slack - if you've not got this please talk to your tech lead.

> You should take a moment to configure your Slack profile so that others on Slack are able to determine who you are quickly.
> 
> Please update the title field to include:
> 
> - your role
> - which team you're working on
> - if you've joined through a supplier, their name.

Reviewer: Nit: if you wanted you could make this more concise:

```suggestion
Help others know who you are by updating your Slack profile's 'title' field. This should include:

- your job role
- the team you're working on
- if relevant, the name of your supplier
```

Reviewer: Could also add a link to slack's docs about where to find your profile: https://slack.com/intl/en-gb/help/articles/204092246-Edit-your-profile
